It's hot outside. Forks are
melting. Lasagna noodle spice racks
are falling apart. The only way to cool
down is with a drink made of boiling hot
water.
The first step to making iced tea is
acquiring tea bags. These can be found
along the public footpaths in the English
countryside. Plucked from tea
trees found in rotting tree stumps,
wedged in tree crust, inside tree
forts, or even under couch cushions, you
can find black tea almost anywhere. Now
we're going to make piping hot water in a
gooseneck kettle, although you can use
any kind of kettleneck you want,
including giraffe neck, turtleneck,
necklace, or nectarine. Now we'll put
those tea bags in some kind of bag vessel
and pour in the hot water to steep it,
which causes a dark tea cloud to move in
like a storm of dissolved compounds,
releasing flavor, nutrients, and
untold numbers of haunted tea
spirits into the water and soon into
your entire body. Only
steep it for a few minutes because over
steeping it is going to make it bitter
and then it'll never stop complaining
about its ex. Then remove the tea bags
while enjoying a Russian steam bath. Add
in some sugar until it's as sweet as you
like. A squeeze of lemon. Now taste and
adjust the sweetness before you throw it
in the heat remover. Once that's cold,
pour it over hardened water blocks. Add
in some lemon wedges to make it look
cool. Then you have some classic iced
tea, also known as watered down coffee.
If you want iced tea with more flavor,
grab yourself a raspberry pod and smash
it into raspberry Nuggets. Then brew some
more black tea. Now remove the bags while
giving yourself a Nordic spa experience.
I'm going to use this fork as a raspberry
elevator to avoid splashing scalding
water. Then I'm going to use the same
fork to reduce them to ras smither
berryins. Add lemon and sugar to
taste. Try to avoid the dumbass move of
making this in a jar with no handle. Put
it in the temperature subtract. Then pour
it through a strainer. Enjoy a delicious
bite of tasteless berry smithereen
pudding. Then pour over Aquadice and add
some berry nuggets to make it look cool.
And now let's take a quick break to read
tea leaves. It's a kind of fortune
telling where you make loose leaf tea,
you drink the tea, then interpret the
pattern of the leaves inside the cup to
tell your fortune. Oh, okay.
MMM. For this next iced tea, we're going
to use Earl Grey, which you can find in
the pockets of an old raincoat. Throw in
the tea bags, add hot water, release the
haunted tea spirits. Take the bags out
while watching the Icelandic hot spring
from a safe distance. Add in some mint,
Maple syrup, green lemon. Throw it in the
molecule slower downer. Then, once it's
cold, pour it on some dried out wet
squares. Earl Grey tea is one of the best
teas to drink when solving a crime, or if
you're just feeling suspicious. Take a
moment to pay respect to the tea bag
graveyard. To make green tea,
climb to the top of a green tree and grab
some green tea bags, which only ripen at
high altitudes. The bags go in, the water
goes in. We'll use our danger spoon to
take the bags out. Pour in
127 bees worth of honey. Take a
piece of ginger and delicately slice it.
Throw it in, put it in the coolness
multiplier while remembering that time is
an illusion. Then pour it over frigid
puddle cubes to make it feel cool. But
the best tasting iced tea comes from tea
bags found inside crop circles. Put out
some of aliens favorite food, which is
cucumbers, and when they come get it,
they'll leave a crop circle as a thank
you note, which will make the tea taste
really good. And now enjoy some iced
tea and patiently wait.